Okay. So now, let's look at some more tests.
We're going to look at a test to see if the initial owner,
who put the star up for sale will
actually get the funds when someone else buys the star, right?
So, this is the test we're looking at,
we're actually checking to see if user1,
once it creates a star it puts it up or sale,
does it actually get the funds or not?
So, let's look at this test a little bit more in details.
We start by creating a star right here using user1,
and then we put it up for sale.
Then, user2 buys the star.
Then, if you've seen this transaction,
we need to send along ether.
So, remember in this object,
we haven't seen anything except false so far.
So now, remember you can send value at ether or gas.
In this case, we're sending the value,
we're sending the price of this.
So, we're sending the price and then of course,
this is the price that you initially paid.
So, I'm using the same price because that is
how the star was created with the star prize.
I'll put it up for sale.
So, we're buying the star,
we're setting it a value in this object right
there after the arguments. So, you buy a star.
Remember, this was a payable function,
so you're sending along ether and this is how you
pass within the object using the value key.
On a side note, you can always use the gas key here
also to specify any gas that should be used.
We're not using that here but I just wanted to mention that to you,
in case if you see the gas key added here.
Then, we're of course comparing to make sure that the balance one of user1
decreased by the star price amount after the transaction, which it should, right?
Also, note that since Ethereum network can handle very large numbers,
be returned a big number object.
So, we return a big number object.
So, the way you do that you just convert it to a number,
we're calling the dot number function.
It just really makes it easy for you to compare.
So, we're just comparing.
So again, going back we're creating a star,
we're putting up for sale,
we're getting the balance of user1 who right to now before.
If it makes a transaction,
and then we're buying the person buys it.
Of course, this transaction should change, right?
We're making sure that now the balances after all the transaction are equaling this way.
So, we're calling assert dot equal in this case.
So, making sure that it gets the funds.
Then, let's look at one more test,
very similar to the other one.
This is very similar to the other one,
so we want to make sure that user2 can buy a star, if it's put up for sale.
That's the next step that we're looking at.
Same thing you're creating a star,
user1 puts it up for sale and then user2 buys it.
Then, we're making sure that you can actually buy.
So, [inaudible] just making sure that the owner of the star is now star user2.
Then, just one last test in fact,
very similar to in fact, this test.
In this case, we check if user2 wants balance increased and then in this case,
we're making sure of user2 balance decreases after it buys the stars.
We start by creating a star from user1,
we put it up for sale and we check the balance before of user2.
Of course, what we're doing, is that we're check buying the star.
Then, we're also checking the balance of user2 after he bought the star,
which means they should have decreased.
We're using the dot sub function,
so very simple to understand, and they doing equal.
So, we're checking the balance before subtracting the balance,
and making sure that it's equal to the start price that was set so.
Look at this test again,
all you do is you call the instance and the name of the function,
parameters, and then the object.
Okay? So, just kind of cosequentially.
So, that means if we want to do a test like this,
the first thing you want do is create a star,
then you want to put it up for sale.
Then of course, you want to buy a star.
Then, you can of course compare
any parameters that would have changed into a so dot equal.
So, that's how you write the task.
So now, let's go do a truffle console,
and compile the contract and run it.
So, I'm going to go to my terminal.
In fact, we can just go run truffle tests.
Make sure you've saved our file.
Okay. So, going back truffle test.
So, I'm inside my folder again,
I'm not in my develop console yet.
I'm just running everything out to the console.
You can always go in the console by doing truffle develop,
and then just do the keyword test.
Fantastic. So, we have five tests, all of them are passing.
So, you can create a star, user1 can put up the star for sale,
user2 can get the funds,
user2 can buy a star,
and user2 buys a star and decrease its balance.
So, all the tests are passing now.